sleepers, colby armstrong
redarmy, henrik lundqvist
bombers, matthew carle
nashcity, mark bell
rawmeat, joffrey lupul
thrill, jussi jokinen
rawmeat, ryan whitney
experience, andrej meszaros
llamas, brad boyes
bombers, andy mcdonald
brainstorm, steve bernier
thunder, radim vrbata
redarmy, alexander radulov
---
sleepers, jarret stoll
ducks, hannu toivonen
thunder, ales kotalik
nashcity, brian campbell
gambit, phil kessel
thrill, pierre-marc bouchard
gambit, alexander steen
experience, chris kunitz
llamas, cam ward
redarmy, christian ehrhoff
brainstorm, anze kopitar
thunder, tom preissing
ducks, nathan horton
---
sleepers, keith ballard
redarmy, christopher higgins
llamas, brent seabrook
nashcity, shawn horcoff
gambit, emanuel fernandez
bombers, sami salo
rawmeat, paul ranger
experience, frederick meyer
bombers, patrick eaves
deadthings, jordan staal
bombers, ryan miller
thunder, joe corvo
ducks, mikael samuelsson
--
sleepers, martin gerber
redarmy, dustin penner
thrill, ilja bryzgalov
nashcity, jason pominville
thrill, brian pothier
thrill, jason williams
rawmeat, andrew ladd
experience, michel ouellet
llamas, petr prucha
deadthings, fernando pisani
gambit, francois beauchemin
thunder, lee stempniak
ducks, kurtis foster
--
redarmy, stanislav chistov
bombers, darcy tucker
gambit, jan bulis
thrill, chris campoli
rawmeat, ray emery
experience, tim connolly
bombers, michael cammalleri
deadthings, magnus kahnberg
thunder, manny legace
ducks, patrick o'sullivan
--
bombers, adrian aucoin
deadthings, cristobal huet
deadthings, bobby ryan
redarmy, tony salmelainen
redarmy, loui eriksson
redarmy, dustin brown
