brainstorm, rick dipietro
deadthings, jeff carter
gambit, michael knuble
bombers, marc denis
thunder, niklas kronwall
nashcity, sean hill
thrill, dominik hasek
redarmy, barret jackman
experience, mike richards
rawmeat, patrice bergeron
ducks, antero niittymaki
llamas, corey perry
--
llamas, john grahame
ducks, andrew hutchinson
nashcity, philippe boucher
thunder, curtis joseph
bombers, wojtek wolski
gambit, chris chelios
deadthings, dion phaneuf
--
deadthings, scott hannan
gambit, richard park
bombers, ryan getzlaf
nashcity, dean mcammond
ducks, guillaume latendresse
bombers, oleg tverdovsky
