sleepers, Taylor Hall
gambit, p.k. Subban
deadthings, Tyler Myers
rawmeat, chris Stewart
thunder, Nikolai Zherdev
brainstorm,  Jordan Eberle
experience, Michael Del Zotto
bombers, Tyler Seguin
redarmy, Jussi Jokinen
ducks, Tomas Fleischmann
thunder, Patric Hornqvist
thrill, Niclas Bergfors
llamas, Magnus Paajarvi-svensson
--
sleepers, Tyler Ennis
gambit, Nazem Kadri
deadthings, Jimmy Howard
rawmeat, John Carlson
nashcity, Jamie McBain
brainstorm, Jiri Hudler
experience, Steve Downie
bombers, Cam Fowler
redarmy, Tyler Bozak
ducks, Brooks Laich
bombers, Jonathan Bernier
thrill, Dmitry Kulikov
rawmeat, Jason Demers
--
sleepers, Matt Moulson
thrill, Antti Niemi
deadthings, Troy Brouwer
thrill, Eric Fehr
nashcity, Jason LaBarbera
brainstorm, Jeff Skinner
experience, Sam Gagner
llamas, Michal Neuvirth
redarmy, Craig Anderson
ducks, T.J. Galiardi
thunder, Ryan Malone
thrill, Jaroslav Halak
nashcity, Nikolai Kulemin
--
sleepers, Jeff Schultz
gambit, Nikolai Antropov
deadthings, Blake Comeau
thrill, Anton Stralman
thunder, Kurtis Foster
experience, Marc Staal
redarmy, Rich Peverley
--
sleepers, Cody Franson
gambit, Wayne Simmonds
deadthings, Tomas Plekanec
thunder, Antoine Vermette
--
sleepers, Jonas Hiller
gambit, Steve Sullivan
thunder, Curtis Glencross
--
thunder, Radim Vrbata
