thunder,Connor Bedard
experience,Leo Carlsson
gambit,Luke Hughes
sleepers,Mattias Macelli
deadthings,Matthew Knies
ducks,Daniel Sprong
bombers,Matthew Coronato
redarmy,Filip Gustavsson
llamas,Henry Thrun
thrill,Adam Fantilli
nashcity,Jonathan Drouin
brainstorm,Kevin Korchinski
rawmeat,Juuso Valimaki
			--
thunder,Luke Evangelista
experience,Rafael Harvey-Pinard
gambit,Noah Cates
sleepers,K'Andre Miller
deadthings,Brandon Montour
ducks,Akira Schmid
bombers,Wyatt Johnston
redarmy,Devon Levi
llamas,Joseph Woll
thrill,Logan Cooley
nashcity,Matvei Mitchkov
brainstorm,Cam York
rawmeat,Jordan Spence
			--
thunder,Stuart Skinner
experience,Taylor Raddysh
brainstorm,Barrett Hayton
sleepers,Pavel Mintyukov
deadthings,Adin Hill
ducks,Zach Benson
bombers,David Jiricek
thrill,Marcus Johansson
brainstorm,Chandler Stephenson
llamas,Nick Paul
nashcity,Jimmy Snuggerud
bombers,Matt Poitras
rawmeat,Simon Edvinsson
			--
thunder,Kirill Marchenko
experience,Erik Gustafsson
gambit,Spencer Knight
sleepers,Pheonix Copley
deadthings,Michael Matheson
bombers,Drew Doughty
thrill,Thomas Novak
llamas,Joonas Korpisalo
thrill,Justin Schultz
nashcity,Pyotr Kotchetkov
rawmeat,Jake Neighbours
			--
experience,Daniel Vladar
gambit,Jamie Benn
sleepers,Tyson Foerster
deadthings,JJ Peterka
