rawmeat,Ryan Johansen
deadthings,Ondrej Palat
nashcity,Mark Arcobello
sleepers,Reilly Smith
experience,Michael Frolik
thunder,John Gibson
bombers,Mark Stone
ducks,Andrei Burakovsky
thrill,Nikita Kucherov
gambit,Andrej Sekera
bombers,Ryan Strome
llamas,Sami Vatanen
brainstorm,Patrick Maroon
--
rawmeat,Devante Smith-Pelly
deadthings,Zack Kassian
thrill,Matthew Nieto
sleepers,Matt Beleskey
experience,Jacob Trouba
thunder,Frederik Anderson
thrill,Johnny Boychuk
ducks,Tanner Pearson
brainstorm,Anthony Duclair
gambit,Tomas Jurco
bombers,Darcy Kuemper
llamas,Brock Nelson
nashcity,Olli Maatta
-- 
rawmeat,Aaron Ekblad
deadthings,John Gaudreau
nashcity,Colton Sceviour
sleepers,Tommy Wingels
experience,Dustin Tokarski
thrill,Alex Steen
redarmy,TJ Brodie
bombers,Nikolaj Ehlers
redarmy,Justin Abdelkader
gambit,Alexandre Burrows
bombers,Alex Stalock
sleepers,Cam Talbot
redarmy,Hampus Lindholm
--
rawmeat,Jake Allen
deadthings,Jason Garrison
nashcity,Tyler Bozak
sleepers,Martin Jones
thrill,Anthony Mantha
ducks,Linden Vey
gambit,Eric Gelinas
bombers,Michael Dal Colle
--
deadthings,Emerson Etem
nashcity,Gabriel Bourque
thrill,Ryan Ellis
gambit,Calle Jarnkrok
