brainstorm,Nail Yakupov
sleepers,Andrew Shaw
nashcity,Alex Galchenyuk
rawmeat,Brad Marchand
thrill,Justin Schultz
deadthings,Mikael Granlund
experience,Marcus Foligno
thunder,Carl Hagelin
redarmy,David Desharnais
bombers,Damien Brunner
bombers,Sven Baertschi
ducks,Nick Leddy
llamas,Jakob Silfverberg
---
brainstorm,Scott Hartnell
sleepers,Justin Faulk
nashcity,Troy Brouwer
rawmeat,Brendan Smith
gambit,Ryan Strome
deadthings,Adam Henrique
experience,Wayne Simmonds
thunder,Chris Kreider
redarmy,Ryan McDonagh
thrill,Dougie Hamilton
bombers,Roman Josi
ducks,Ryan O'Reilly
gambit,Chris Higgins
---
thrill,Evgeni Kuznetsov
thrill,Stefan Elliott
nashcity,Thomas Greiss
thunder,Jamie McGinn
llamas,Mike Smith
deadthings,Nick Foligno
experience,Viktor Stalberg
redarmy,Brian Elliott
redarmy,Matt Read
ducks,Cameron Atkinson
gambit,Pascal Dupuis
---
redarmy,Frans Nielsen
sleepers,Matt Halischuk
sleepers,Braden Holtby
gambit,Kevin Bieksa
deadthings,Ryan Murray
thunder,Nikita Nikitin
redarmy,Jaden Schwartz
ducks,Filip Forsberg
---
sleepers,Mark Scheifele
gambit,Jannik Hansen
thunder,Valtteri Filppula
