sleepers,Cole Caufield
thunder,Jamie Drysdale
deadthings,Philipp Grubauer
experience,Eeli Tolvanen
gambit,Vincent Trocheck
thrill,Marco Rossi
ducks,Owen Power
bombers,Arthur Kaliyev
redarmy,Noah Dobson
rawmeat,Moritz Seider
nashcity,Jared McCann
brainstorm,William Eklund
llamas,Oliver Wahlstrom
--
sleepers,Carter Verhaeghe
thunder,Spencer Knight
deadthings,Alex Nedeljkovic
experience,Zach Hyman
rawmeat,Alex Newhook
thrill,Evan Bouchard
llamas,Jeff Petry
bombers,Jeremy Swayman
thrill,Linus Ullmark
rawmeat,Mackenzie Weegar
nashcity, Nils Lundkvist
brainstorm,Rasmus Sandin
brainstorm,Laurent Brossoit
--
sleepers, Jordan Kyrou
thunder, Matthew Boldy
deadthings, Luke Hughes
experience, Marc-Andre Fleury
gambit, Rasmus Andersson
sleepers, Wyatt Kalynuk
bombers, Alex Tuch
llamas, Janne Kuokannen
redarmy, Andrew Mangiapane
thrill, Christian Dvorak
nashcity, Ilya Mikheyev
sleepers, Petr Mrazek
llamas, Kaapo Kahkonen
--
sleepers, Sebastian Aho-D
thunder, Jake Sanderson
deadthings, Mason McTavish
gambit, Alec Martinez
sleepers, Vitek Vanecek
bombers, Matt Grzelyck
thrill, Alex Killorn
bombers, Calen Addison
--
sleepers, Jake Oettinger
thunder, Matt Beniers
deadthings, Nicolas Hague
bombers, Mathieu Joseph
redarmy, Jack Roslovic
gambit, Michael Bunting
