ducks,Jack Hughes
experience,tomas Tatar
thunder, Kevin Hayes
sleepers,Kasperi Kapanen
redarmy,Jordan Binnington
thrill,Kappo Kakko
brainstorm,Cale Makar
deadthings,Dylan Strome
nashcity,Nikita Gusev
llamas,Maxime Comtois
gambit,Taro Hirose
rawmeat, Troy Terry
brainstorm,eric Gustafsson
--
ducks,Jack Campbell
experience,travis Sanheim
thunder,Dante Fabbro
sleepers,Dominik Kahun
redarmy,Darnell Nurse
thrill,Drake Batherson
brainstorm,Carter Hart
deadthings,Petr Mrazek
nashcity,Josh Morrissey
llamas,Michael Ferland
gambit,Cody Glass
rawmeat,Mackenzie Blackwood
nashcity,Filip Hronek
--
ducks,Josh Anderson
experience,tom Wilson
thunder,Ilya Mikheyev
sleepers,Andreas Athanasiou
redarmy,Darcy Kuemper
thunder,Kristian Vesalainen
llamas,Semyon Varlamov
deadthings,Andrew Shaw
rawmeat,Conor Garland
gambit,Thatcher Demko
gambit,Robin Lehner
--
ducks,Connor Brown
experience,Devon toews
thrill,Adam Fox
redarmy,Carl Grundstrom
redarmy,samuel Girard
bombers,Kyle Capobianco
deadthings,Erik Brannstrom
bombers,Mathieu Joseph
bombers,Victor Olofsson
--
experience,Jimmy schuldt
redarmy,thomas Griess
thrill,Kirill Kaprizov
bombers,Alexander texier
deadthings,Kirby Dach
bombers,Juuso Valimaki
--
thrill,Vitali Kravtsov
bombers,Owen tippett
bombers,Brett Connelly
--
thrill,Joson Robertson
bombers,Ryan Murray
