sleepers,Alexis Lafreniere
gambit,Kailer Yamamoto
deadthings,Dominik Kubalik
thunder,Tim Stuetzle
experience,Neal Pionk
bombers,Igor Shesterkin
ducks,Tristan Jarry
thrill,Nick Suzuki
nashcity,Joel Farabee
llamas,Adam Boqvist
nashcity,Denis Gurianov
rawmeat,Robert Thomas
brainstorm,Bryan Rust
--
sleepers,Jakob Chychrun
gambit,Grigori Denisenko
deadthings,Nils Hoglander
thunder,Anthony Duclair
experience,Zack Kassian
bombers,Quinton Byfield
ducks,Trevor Zegras
thrill,Ilya Samsonov
redarmy,Roope Hintz
llamas,Ryan Strome
nashcity,Bowen Byram
rawmeat,Ville Heinola
llamas,Lucas Raymond
--
sleepers,Pavel Francouz
llamas,Ilya Sorokin
deadthings,Elvis Merzlikins
thunder,Dylan Cozens
experience,gabriel Vilardi
bombers,Joshua Norris
ducks,Vasily Podkolzin
thrill,Anton Khudobin
bombers,yegor Sharangovich
brainstorm,Oskar Lindblom
rawmeat,Jordan Greenway
bombers,Jaccob Slavin
--
sleepers,Philippe Myers
thrill,Alexander Holtz
deadthings,Owen Tippett
experience,Chris Driedger
bombers,Joel Armia
ducks,Thomas Harley
sleepers,Alexandar Georgiev
redarmy,Juuse Saros
bombers,Bobby Ryan
--
sleepers,Zach Whitecloud
bombers,Ty Smith
redarmy,Jack Quinn
